Create Call_001.md (#717)
ethereum/pm: Upgrade Community Calls/Call_001.md

# Shanghai/Capella Community Call #1 
### Jan 20, 2023, 15:00-16:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 1 hour 
### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/708)
### [Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/live/uTWpSYn4MA8?feature=share)
### Moderator: Tim Bieko
### Notes: Alen (Santhosh)

**Tim**

> * Good morning, afternoon, everyone, depending on where you are. first Chappelle community call. so I guess, these are, are, are helpful to just like, answer people's questions about the upgrade. we started doing them with the merge and, given the introduction of withdrawals, yeah, it makes sense to, do them as well so that validators and, and just node operators and infrastructure providers could come and, and ask questions. didn't have too much on the agenda today. I think,  if we have Danny and myself here, we could maybe both give a quick overview of like the entire upgrade so you get withdrawals, but there's a couple more things as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Good morning, afternoon, everyone, depending on where you are. first Shappelle community call. so I guess, these are helpful to just like, answer people's questions about the upgrade. we started doing them with the merge and, given the introduction of withdrawals, yeah, it makes sense to, do them as well so that validators and, and just node operators and infrastructure providers could come and, and ask questions. didn't have too much on the agenda today. I think,  if we have Danny and myself here, we could maybe both give a quick overview of like the entire upgrade so you get withdrawals, but there's a couple more things as well. 
```

**Danny**
* So, as you know, validators can deposit and become activated. There's an activation queue. Normally it's pretty empty, sometimes it can be long. Similarly, today already you can exit and then if you, if you initiate and exit, you go through, the exit queue, you're not done validating, you still get roles and duties until you're on the other side of that queue. Normally it might take on the order of like four epoch, it could back up on the order of months if like half the validator set was trying to leave once. 
* So you can exit today and then your validator is no longer active. but your phone's kind of sitting limbo. So what this upgrade primarily does is completes the circle and brings, allows for, both kind of the principle 32 E balance and the validators rewards to go back into the execution layer back into the kind of normal user layer, normal Ethereum accounts, out of the beacon chain. And there's two primary methods. You know, I talked about how you can exit. 
* So obviously once you exit, you probably want your, your ETH back. So all of your balance, 32 eth plus any awards or 32 eth minus any penalties, once you get out of the exit queue. 

> * And once you go through the men validator withdrawal ability delay, which is 256 epox, which is 27 hours. So exit queue plus 27 hours, now you are withdraw. and on some sweep, you know, there's a certain number of validators 16 per block that can, go back into the execution layer. it's a round robin sweep. your funds will eventually be picked up and put into the execution layer. There is another method, of withdrawal called partial withdrawal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* And once you go through the men validator withdrawal ability delay, which is 256 epoch, which is 27 hours. So exit queue plus 27 hours, now you are withdrawing. and on some sweep, you know, there's a certain number of validators 16 per block that can, go back into the execution layer. it's a round-robin sweep. your funds will eventually be picked up and put into the execution layer. There is another method, of withdrawal called partial withdrawal. 
```

*  On the other side of the exit queue, you are no longer active, but you are not yet withdrawable. There is the men validator withdrawal ability delay. It's 256 epochs, that's about 27 hours. So you're out of the exit queue, you are exited, you then have a 27 hour delay and now you are with Drawable At that point. 
* You are part of the, you can be part of the withdrawal sweep, which is round robin, so you know, if the last, if you're a validator 32 and on the last block it left off at 31, then you're the next one in the week if you're validator 32. And the, last block it left off was at 64, you're almost at the end of this week is gonna go all the way to the end and then back at the beginning. So exit Queue with all ability delay, then round robins sweep clear as day, right? Yeah. 

**Tim**
* Someone says we should call it limbo when you're exited waiting  to be withdrawn. 

**Ben Edgington**

> * Yeah, it's not, it's not very long limbo. Right? I mean, even if every, even if every validate has 0 0 1 credentials, which they don't, at the moment only about, 40% due,  it's will still take I think four days to complete a whole sweep through the entire validator set. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Yeah, it's not, it's not very long limbo. Right? I mean, even if every, even if every validate has 0x01 credentials, which they don't, at the moment only about, 40% due, it will still take I think four days to complete a whole sweep through the entire validator set. 
```
